
= ruote-stomp

* http://github.com/kitplummer/ruote-stomp

== DESCRIPTION:

ruote-stomp provides a Stomp participant/listener pair that allows you to 
distribute workitems out to Stomp consumers for processing, as well as launching
processes over Stomp.

To learn more about remote participants in ruote please see
http://ruote.rubyforge.org/part_implementations.html

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Flexible participant for sending workitems
* Flexible receiver for receiving replies
* Flexible launch item listener for launching processes over Stomp
* Fully evented (thanks to the onstomp gem)

== SYNOPSIS:

Please review the code for information (rdocs to be updated soon.)

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ruote[http://ruote.rubyforge.org] 2.2.0 or later
* onstomp[https://github.com/meadvillerb/onstomp] 1.0.4 or later
* a server that supports Stomp (stompserver, ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ)

== INSTALL:

Please be sure to have read the requirements section above

* sudo gem install ruote-stomp

== TESTS:

To run the tests you need the following requirements met, or the testing environment
will fail horribly (or simply get stuck without output).

=== Stomp server

I've tested it with stompserver and ActiveMQ. 

I'll work on getting the Ruby stompserver setup to start/shutdown with the tests.

== DAEMON-KIT:

Will work on adding Daemon-Kit support for ruote-stomp next. :)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Kit Plummer (and Kenneth Kalmer for
ruote-amqp, which this works is based on)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, send,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
=======
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of tshe Software, and to
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
